Region processing (#37)
IAMconsortium/nomenclature: README.md

## Overview

This package facilitates working with data templates that follow the format developed by

> the [Integrated Assessment Modeling Consortium (IAMC)](https://www.iamconsortium.org). Additionally, it supports region processing which consists of renaming and aggregation of model native regions to common regions.

Reviewer: Please also follow a max-88-character line length in the readme.
```suggestion
the [Integrated Assessment Modeling Consortium (IAMC)](https://www.iamconsortium.org). 
It supports validation of scenario data and region processing, which consists of
renaming and aggregation of model "native regions" to "common regions" used in a project.
```

replaced by every element in the Tag dictionary. The `<Tag>` will also be replaced
in any of the variable attributes.

There must be only one top-level entry in any yaml file to be used as tag.

## Model Mappings

Model mappings, defined in a .yaml format serve three different purposes on a per-model basis:

1. Define a list of model native regions that are to be selected (and usually uploaded) from an IAM result. This also serves as an implicit exclusion list for model native regions, since only explicitly mentioned regions are selected.

2. Allow for renaming of model native regions.

3. Define how model native regions should be aggregated to common regions.

This example illustrates how such a model mapping looks like:

```yaml
model: model_a
native_regions:
  - region_a: alternative_name_a
  - region_b
common_regions:
  - common_region_1:
    - region_a
    - region_b
  - common_region_2:
    - ...
```

> Some points to note:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Notes
```

> * The names of the three top level key words `model`, `native_regions` and `common_regions` are fixed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The names of the three top level keywords `model`, `native_regions` and `common_regions` are fixed.
```

* Inside the `native_regions` a **list** of model native regions serves as a selection as to which regions to keep.

> * In the above example `region_a` is to be renamed to `alternative_name_a`. This is done by defining a key: value pair of `model_native_name: new_name`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In the above example `region_a` is to be renamed to `alternative_name_a`.
   This is done by defining a key-value pair of `model_native_name: new_name`.
```
